---
title: "Resume"
permalink: "/resume/"
layout: page
order: 1
date: 2018-01-27 17:45 +1300
---
Technical Skills
================

Programming Languages
---------------------

### Scripting

Python, Javascript. I understand how to use Python to analyse and
manipulate data.

### Markup Languages

HTML, CSS, LaTeX

Office Skills
-------------

### Basics

Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint. Understands how to manipulate data
and do tabulations with Excel.

### Windows

Used the Windows Operating System for many years, and natively
understands how to efficiently use and upgrade the system. Can provide
technical support for many issues.

### GNU/Linux

Understands how to maintain and upgrade linux systems, as well as
networks.

### Image Editting

Photoshop, Gimp and Darktable. I am willing to learn any other software
that fits into this category.

### Video editting

Pitivi, Avidemux

Education
=========

High School
-----------

Merit Endorsement in Level 1-3 in the NZQA, Merit Endorsement Level 2
Math NZQA, Merit Endorsement Level 3 English NZQA.

### Awards

Won the William Mann trophy in final year of high school, for academic
excellence in senior English.

University
----------

Bachelor of Arts, Majoring in Media and Communication from University of
Canterbury, Minoring in English and Political Science(in progress),
starting 2017. Plans to do postgraduate degree in journalism, starting
in 2021.

I am considering changing to Broadcast Journalist at ARA in order to
better get an understanding of the practical side of journalism.

Work Experience
===============

Customer Service
----------------

Worked for several months at a small cafe, where I was praised by my
managers and customers for my excellent customer service. I learnt how
to effectivly and quickly process transactions with customers, as well
as handle any issues that arose. I am a quick and independant worker who
can think on their feet to answer an issue.

Writing
-------

For the last year I have regularly for the Japanese culture website
*Fighting For Nippon*, where I write editorials about the deeper meaning
behind Japanese visual animation. My edit or at the site regularly
praises my writing as his favourite. My personal favourite article is
more along the lines of a personal essay where I compared my own journey
with mental disorders to that of a character in the show, titled "Tokyo
Ghoul and mental disorders." I have written for other sites, and most of
them have been WordPress based.

In univesity, most of my written papers have been well received by my
lectures, with my writing style being called "Clear and concise." I have
been told that I have natural journalistic talent.

St. John Cadet
--------------

For five years was an active and engaged member of the youth division of
the St. John ambulance service. I thourghly enjoy the practice and
working in a highly coordinated team.

Photography
-----------

Keen amatuer photographer, and have been doing so for the past three
years. I have a keen eye for detail and take great pride in my
photography skills. On occasion, I did freelance work for families
around my home town.

Web Design
----------

Freelance web designer, who spent many hours building I build several
high quality websites for my clients, often for buisnesses or youth
groups. As I built all these websites myself, I was also responsible for
making sure people clicked on them, so I understand how SEO works and
how to use Google Advertising to make the website money.
